docs/ext/commands/api.rst, before:

.. currentmodule:: diskord

API Reference
===============

The following section outlines the API of diskord's command extension module.

.. _ext_commands_api_bot:

Bots
------

Bot
~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Bot

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Bot
    :members:
    :inherited-members:
    :exclude-members: after_invoke, before_invoke, check, check_once, command, event, group, listen

    .. automethod:: Bot.after_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.before_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.check()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.check_once()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.command(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:
    
    .. automethod:: Bot.event()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.group(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.listen(name=None)
        :decorator:

AutoShardedBot
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.AutoShardedBot

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.AutoShardedBot
    :members:

Prefix Helpers
----------------

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.when_mentioned

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.when_mentioned_or

.. _ext_commands_api_events:

Event Reference
-----------------

These events function similar to :ref:`the regular events <discord-api-events>`, except they
are custom to the command extension module.

.. function:: diskord.ext.commands.on_command_error(ctx, error)

    An error handler that is called when an error is raised
    inside a command either through user input error, check
    failure, or an error in your own code.

    A default one is provided (:meth:`.Bot.on_command_error`).

    :param ctx: The invocation context.
    :type ctx: :class:`.Context`
    :param error: The error that was raised.
    :type error: :class:`.CommandError` derived

.. function:: diskord.ext.commands.on_command(ctx)

    An event that is called when a command is found and is about to be invoked.

    This event is called regardless of whether the command itself succeeds via
    error or completes.

    :param ctx: The invocation context.
    :type ctx: :class:`.Context`

.. function:: diskord.ext.commands.on_command_completion(ctx)

    An event that is called when a command has completed its invocation.

    This event is called only if the command succeeded, i.e. all checks have
    passed and the user input it correctly.

    :param ctx: The invocation context.
    :type ctx: :class:`.Context`

.. _ext_commands_api_command:

Commands
----------

Decorators
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.command
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.group
    :decorator:

Command
~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Command

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Command
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__
    :exclude-members: after_invoke, before_invoke, error

    .. automethod:: Command.after_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Command.before_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Command.error()
        :decorator:

Group
~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Group

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Group
    :members:
    :inherited-members:
    :exclude-members: after_invoke, before_invoke, command, error, group

    .. automethod:: Group.after_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.before_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.command(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.error()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.group(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

GroupMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.GroupMixin

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GroupMixin
    :members:
    :exclude-members: command, group

    .. automethod:: GroupMixin.command(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: GroupMixin.group(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

.. _ext_commands_api_cogs:

Cogs
------

Cog
~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Cog

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Cog
    :members:

CogMeta
~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.CogMeta

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.CogMeta
    :members:

.. _ext_commands_help_command:

Help Commands
---------------

HelpCommand
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.HelpCommand

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.HelpCommand
    :members:

DefaultHelpCommand
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.DefaultHelpCommand

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.DefaultHelpCommand
    :members:
    :exclude-members: send_bot_help, send_cog_help, send_group_help, send_command_help, prepare_help_command

MinimalHelpCommand
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.MinimalHelpCommand

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.MinimalHelpCommand
    :members:
    :exclude-members: send_bot_help, send_cog_help, send_group_help, send_command_help, prepare_help_command

Paginator
~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Paginator

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Paginator
    :members:

Enums
------

.. class:: BucketType
    :module: diskord.ext.commands

    Specifies a type of bucket for, e.g. a cooldown.

    .. attribute:: default

        The default bucket operates on a global basis.
    .. attribute:: user

        The user bucket operates on a per-user basis.
    .. attribute:: guild

        The guild bucket operates on a per-guild basis.
    .. attribute:: channel

        The channel bucket operates on a per-channel basis.
    .. attribute:: member

        The member bucket operates on a per-member basis.
    .. attribute:: category

        The category bucket operates on a per-category basis.
    .. attribute:: role

        The role bucket operates on a per-role basis.

        .. versionadded:: 1.3


.. _ext_commands_api_checks:

Checks
-------

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.check(predicate)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.check_any(*checks)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_role(item)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_guild_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_any_role(*items)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_role(item)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_guild_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_any_role(*items)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.cooldown(rate, per, type=diskord.ext.commands.BucketType.default)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.dynamic_cooldown(cooldown, type=BucketType.default)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.max_concurrency(number, per=diskord.ext.commands.BucketType.default, *, wait=False)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.before_invoke(coro)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.after_invoke(coro)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.guild_only(,)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.dm_only(,)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.is_owner(,)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.is_nsfw(,)
    :decorator:

.. _ext_commands_api_context:

Cooldown
---------

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Cooldown

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Cooldown
    :members:

Context
--------

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Context

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Context
    :members:
    :inherited-members:
    :exclude-members: history, typing

    .. automethod:: diskord.ext.commands.Context.history
        :async-for:

    .. automethod:: diskord.ext.commands.Context.typing
        :async-with:

.. _ext_commands_api_converters:

Converters
------------

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Converter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.ObjectConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.MemberConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.UserConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.MessageConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.PartialMessageConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.TextChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.VoiceChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.StoreChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.StageChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.CategoryChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.InviteConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.RoleConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GameConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.ColourConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.EmojiConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.PartialEmojiConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.ThreadConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildStickerConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.clean_content
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Greedy()

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.run_converters

Flag Converter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.FlagConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Flag()
    :members:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.flag

.. _ext_commands_api_errors:

Exceptions
-----------

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ConversionError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingRequiredArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ArgumentParsingError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.UnexpectedQuoteError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.InvalidEndOfQuotedStringError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExpectedClosingQuoteError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadUnionArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadLiteralArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.PrivateMessageOnly
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NoPrivateMessage
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CheckFailure
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CheckAnyFailure
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.DisabledCommand
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandInvokeError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.TooManyArguments
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.UserInputError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandOnCooldown
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MaxConcurrencyReached
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NotOwner
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MessageNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MemberNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.UserNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ChannelNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ChannelNotReadable
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ThreadNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadColourArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.RoleNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadInviteArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.EmojiNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.PartialEmojiConversionFailure
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildStickerNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadBoolArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingPermissions
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BotMissingPermissions
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BotMissingRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingAnyRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BotMissingAnyRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NSFWChannelRequired
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.FlagError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadFlagArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingFlagArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.TooManyFlags
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingRequiredFlag
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionAlreadyLoaded
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionNotLoaded
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NoEntryPointError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionFailed
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandRegistrationError
    :members:


Exception Hierarchy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. exception_hierarchy::

    - :exc:`~.DiscordException`
        - :exc:`~.commands.CommandError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ConversionError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.UserInputError`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingRequiredArgument`
                - :exc:`~.commands.TooManyArguments`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BadArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.MessageNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.MemberNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.GuildNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.UserNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ChannelNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ChannelNotReadable`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.BadColourArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.RoleNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.BadInviteArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.EmojiNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.GuildStickerNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.PartialEmojiConversionFailure`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.BadBoolArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ThreadNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.FlagError`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.BadFlagArgument`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.MissingFlagArgument`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.TooManyFlags`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.MissingRequiredFlag`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BadUnionArgument`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BadLiteralArgument`
                - :exc:`~.commands.ArgumentParsingError`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.UnexpectedQuoteError`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.InvalidEndOfQuotedStringError`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ExpectedClosingQuoteError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CommandNotFound`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CheckFailure`
                - :exc:`~.commands.CheckAnyFailure`
                - :exc:`~.commands.PrivateMessageOnly`
                - :exc:`~.commands.NoPrivateMessage`
                - :exc:`~.commands.NotOwner`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingPermissions`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BotMissingPermissions`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BotMissingRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingAnyRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BotMissingAnyRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.NSFWChannelRequired`
            - :exc:`~.commands.DisabledCommand`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CommandInvokeError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CommandOnCooldown`
            - :exc:`~.commands.MaxConcurrencyReached`
        - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionAlreadyLoaded`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionNotLoaded`
            - :exc:`~.commands.NoEntryPointError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionFailed`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionNotFound`
    - :exc:`~.ClientException`
        - :exc:`~.commands.CommandRegistrationError`

Commit message:

Add proper acknowledgments for two seperate error handlers

docs/ext/commands/api.rst, after:

.. currentmodule:: diskord

API Reference
===============

The following section outlines the API of diskord's command extension module.

.. _ext_commands_api_bot:

Bots
------

Bot
~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Bot

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Bot
    :members:
    :inherited-members:
    :exclude-members: after_invoke, before_invoke, check, check_once, command, event, group, listen

    .. automethod:: Bot.after_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.before_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.check()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.check_once()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.command(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:
    
    .. automethod:: Bot.event()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.group(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Bot.listen(name=None)
        :decorator:

AutoShardedBot
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.AutoShardedBot

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.AutoShardedBot
    :members:

Prefix Helpers
----------------

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.when_mentioned

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.when_mentioned_or

.. _ext_commands_api_events:

Event Reference
-----------------

These events function similar to :ref:`the regular events <discord-api-events>`, except they
are custom to the command extension module.

.. function:: diskord.ext.commands.on_command_error(ctx, error)

    An error handler that is called when an error is raised
    inside a command either through user input error, check
    failure, or an error in your own code.

    .. info::
        This is not for application commands. For example, if you register a :func:`~commands.check`on an application command, Then if that check fails and raises an error, that error would 
        **not** be passed to this but it would be passed in 
        :func:`diskord.on_application_command_error` so it must be used in case of application
        commands.

        This leads to usage of two seperate handlers for application commands and prefixed
        commands and that is only solution as both systems are entirely different.

    A default one is provided (:meth:`.Bot.on_command_error`).

    :param ctx: The invocation context.
    :type ctx: :class:`.Context`
    :param error: The error that was raised.
    :type error: :class:`.CommandError` derived

.. function:: diskord.ext.commands.on_command(ctx)

    An event that is called when a command is found and is about to be invoked.

    This event is called regardless of whether the command itself succeeds via
    error or completes.

    :param ctx: The invocation context.
    :type ctx: :class:`.Context`

.. function:: diskord.ext.commands.on_command_completion(ctx)

    An event that is called when a command has completed its invocation.

    This event is called only if the command succeeded, i.e. all checks have
    passed and the user input it correctly.

    :param ctx: The invocation context.
    :type ctx: :class:`.Context`

.. _ext_commands_api_command:

Commands
----------

Decorators
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.command
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.group
    :decorator:

Command
~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Command

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Command
    :members:
    :special-members: __call__
    :exclude-members: after_invoke, before_invoke, error

    .. automethod:: Command.after_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Command.before_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Command.error()
        :decorator:

Group
~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Group

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Group
    :members:
    :inherited-members:
    :exclude-members: after_invoke, before_invoke, command, error, group

    .. automethod:: Group.after_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.before_invoke()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.command(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.error()
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: Group.group(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

GroupMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.GroupMixin

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GroupMixin
    :members:
    :exclude-members: command, group

    .. automethod:: GroupMixin.command(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

    .. automethod:: GroupMixin.group(*args, **kwargs)
        :decorator:

.. _ext_commands_api_cogs:

Cogs
------

Cog
~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Cog

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Cog
    :members:

CogMeta
~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.CogMeta

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.CogMeta
    :members:

.. _ext_commands_help_command:

Help Commands
---------------

HelpCommand
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.HelpCommand

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.HelpCommand
    :members:

DefaultHelpCommand
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.DefaultHelpCommand

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.DefaultHelpCommand
    :members:
    :exclude-members: send_bot_help, send_cog_help, send_group_help, send_command_help, prepare_help_command

MinimalHelpCommand
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.MinimalHelpCommand

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.MinimalHelpCommand
    :members:
    :exclude-members: send_bot_help, send_cog_help, send_group_help, send_command_help, prepare_help_command

Paginator
~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Paginator

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Paginator
    :members:

Enums
------

.. class:: BucketType
    :module: diskord.ext.commands

    Specifies a type of bucket for, e.g. a cooldown.

    .. attribute:: default

        The default bucket operates on a global basis.
    .. attribute:: user

        The user bucket operates on a per-user basis.
    .. attribute:: guild

        The guild bucket operates on a per-guild basis.
    .. attribute:: channel

        The channel bucket operates on a per-channel basis.
    .. attribute:: member

        The member bucket operates on a per-member basis.
    .. attribute:: category

        The category bucket operates on a per-category basis.
    .. attribute:: role

        The role bucket operates on a per-role basis.

        .. versionadded:: 1.3


.. _ext_commands_api_checks:

Checks
-------

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.check(predicate)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.check_any(*checks)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_role(item)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_guild_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.has_any_role(*items)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_role(item)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_guild_permissions(**perms)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.bot_has_any_role(*items)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.cooldown(rate, per, type=diskord.ext.commands.BucketType.default)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.dynamic_cooldown(cooldown, type=BucketType.default)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.max_concurrency(number, per=diskord.ext.commands.BucketType.default, *, wait=False)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.before_invoke(coro)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.after_invoke(coro)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.guild_only(,)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.dm_only(,)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.is_owner(,)
    :decorator:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.is_nsfw(,)
    :decorator:

.. _ext_commands_api_context:

Cooldown
---------

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Cooldown

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Cooldown
    :members:

Context
--------

.. attributetable:: diskord.ext.commands.Context

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Context
    :members:
    :inherited-members:
    :exclude-members: history, typing

    .. automethod:: diskord.ext.commands.Context.history
        :async-for:

    .. automethod:: diskord.ext.commands.Context.typing
        :async-with:

.. _ext_commands_api_converters:

Converters
------------

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Converter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.ObjectConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.MemberConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.UserConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.MessageConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.PartialMessageConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.TextChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.VoiceChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.StoreChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.StageChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.CategoryChannelConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.InviteConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.RoleConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GameConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.ColourConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.EmojiConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.PartialEmojiConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.ThreadConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildStickerConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.clean_content
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Greedy()

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.run_converters

Flag Converter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.FlagConverter
    :members:

.. autoclass:: diskord.ext.commands.Flag()
    :members:

.. autofunction:: diskord.ext.commands.flag

.. _ext_commands_api_errors:

Exceptions
-----------

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ConversionError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingRequiredArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ArgumentParsingError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.UnexpectedQuoteError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.InvalidEndOfQuotedStringError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExpectedClosingQuoteError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadUnionArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadLiteralArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.PrivateMessageOnly
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NoPrivateMessage
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CheckFailure
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CheckAnyFailure
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.DisabledCommand
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandInvokeError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.TooManyArguments
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.UserInputError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandOnCooldown
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MaxConcurrencyReached
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NotOwner
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MessageNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MemberNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.UserNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ChannelNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ChannelNotReadable
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ThreadNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadColourArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.RoleNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadInviteArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.EmojiNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.PartialEmojiConversionFailure
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.GuildStickerNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadBoolArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingPermissions
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BotMissingPermissions
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BotMissingRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingAnyRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BotMissingAnyRole
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NSFWChannelRequired
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.FlagError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.BadFlagArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingFlagArgument
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.TooManyFlags
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.MissingRequiredFlag
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionAlreadyLoaded
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionNotLoaded
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.NoEntryPointError
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionFailed
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.ExtensionNotFound
    :members:

.. autoexception:: diskord.ext.commands.CommandRegistrationError
    :members:


Exception Hierarchy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. exception_hierarchy::

    - :exc:`~.DiscordException`
        - :exc:`~.commands.CommandError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ConversionError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.UserInputError`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingRequiredArgument`
                - :exc:`~.commands.TooManyArguments`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BadArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.MessageNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.MemberNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.GuildNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.UserNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ChannelNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ChannelNotReadable`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.BadColourArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.RoleNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.BadInviteArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.EmojiNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.GuildStickerNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.PartialEmojiConversionFailure`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.BadBoolArgument`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ThreadNotFound`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.FlagError`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.BadFlagArgument`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.MissingFlagArgument`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.TooManyFlags`
                        - :exc:`~.commands.MissingRequiredFlag`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BadUnionArgument`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BadLiteralArgument`
                - :exc:`~.commands.ArgumentParsingError`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.UnexpectedQuoteError`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.InvalidEndOfQuotedStringError`
                    - :exc:`~.commands.ExpectedClosingQuoteError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CommandNotFound`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CheckFailure`
                - :exc:`~.commands.CheckAnyFailure`
                - :exc:`~.commands.PrivateMessageOnly`
                - :exc:`~.commands.NoPrivateMessage`
                - :exc:`~.commands.NotOwner`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingPermissions`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BotMissingPermissions`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BotMissingRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.MissingAnyRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.BotMissingAnyRole`
                - :exc:`~.commands.NSFWChannelRequired`
            - :exc:`~.commands.DisabledCommand`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CommandInvokeError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.CommandOnCooldown`
            - :exc:`~.commands.MaxConcurrencyReached`
        - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionAlreadyLoaded`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionNotLoaded`
            - :exc:`~.commands.NoEntryPointError`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionFailed`
            - :exc:`~.commands.ExtensionNotFound`
    - :exc:`~.ClientException`
        - :exc:`~.commands.CommandRegistrationError`
