docs/application_commands.rst, before:

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _application_commands:

Application Commands
====================

Till now, The traditional way of using bots was text commands where bots would listen to messages and if it starts with certain prefix then they will parse the commands and arguments and generate the desired output.

With addition of interactions based application commands, This has significantly changed. Application commands
aim to provide user-friendly interface to interact with the bot.

Getting Started
---------------

Diskord provides an easy to use and Pythonic interface to register and work with application commands.

Unlike text commands, Application commands are compatible in both :class:`ext.commands.Bot` and :class:`Client` as they are part of Discord API.

To use application commands, You must add your bot to the server with ``application.commands`` scope.

It's simple, You just have to generate an OAuth URL with ``bot`` and ``application.commands`` scope and invite the bot.  

.. image:: /images/application_commands_scope.png

Creating Basic Slash Command
----------------------------

Let's have a quick example of an application command.

Example: ::
  
  import diskord
  from diskord.ext import commands

  bot = commands.Bot(command_prefix='$')
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  async def hello(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('Hello from slash command!')
  
  bot.run('token')

Now we have created a basic slash command:

.. image:: /images/slash_command.png
.. image:: /images/slash_command_result.png

.. note::
    Global Application commands take up to 2 hours to be registered in Discord.
    For testing purposes, you can pass in ``guild_ids`` parameter
    with the list of IDs of guilds that you want to register command in. Guilds commands
    registration is instant. 

It can be used by typing ``/`` in chat and selecting ``hello`` from commands
selection menu.

User Commands
-------------

User commands can be invoked by right-clicking on a user in Discord in a server and selecting the command from "Apps" menu!

Example: ::
  
  @bot.user_command()
  async def slap(ctx, user):
    await ctx.respond(f'{ctx.author.name} slapped {user.name}')
  
.. image:: /images/user_command.png

Message Commands
----------------

Message commands can be invoked by right-clicking on a message in Discord in a server and selecting the command from "Apps" menu!

Example: ::
  
  @bot.message_command()
  async def say(ctx, message):
    await ctx.respond(f'{ctx.author.name} said: {message.content}')
  
.. image:: /images/message_command.png

Now it's time to go a little deep in application commands. Specifically, Slash commands.

Arguments Handling
------------------

Just like the traditional commands system, Slash commands also support arguments handling and Diskord provides a pythonic way of handling slash command options.

Slash commands options are registered using `.slash_option` decorator.

Example: ::
    
  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('member', description='The member to highfive.')
  async def highfive(ctx, member: diskord.Member):
    await ctx.respond(f'{ctx.author.name} highfived {member.name}!')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_option.png
.. image:: /images/slash_command_option_member.png

Option Types & Requirement setting
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Options support a wide range of types like users, channels, roles, integers, booleans etc. Options can also be marked required or optional. Here's how

Types of options are determined by the annotation of the argument that represents them in
command function.

Options can be set optional by setting a default value to them!

For example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('item', description='The item to purchase.')
  @diskord.slash_option('quantity', description='The quantity of item.')
  async def buy(ctx, item: str, quantity: int = 1):
    await ctx.respond(f'You bought {quantity} {item}!')

In above example, the ``quantity`` option is set as an integer and only integer can be passed to it and it is optional because we set the default value to ``1``, Not providing this option would default it's value to ``1``.

.. image:: /images/slash_command_option_typing.png

Available types are as follows, You can annotate your options with these types to get different results:


* :class:`str`: String
* :class:`int`: Integer
* :class:`float`: Number
* :class:`bool`: Boolean i.e True or False
* :class:`diskord.User` or :class:`diskord.Member`: A discord user.
* :class:`diskord.abc.GuildChannel`: Any type of guild channel.
* :class:`diskord.TextChannel`: A text channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.VoiceChannel`: A voice channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.CategoryChannel`: A channels category in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.StoreChannel`: A store channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.StageChannel`: A stage voice channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.Thread`: A thread within a text channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.Role`: A role in a guild.
* Union[:class:`diskord.Role`, :class:`diskord.User`]: Any mentionable i.e role or user.

Option Choices
++++++++++++++

Certain choices can be added to an option for user to choose from:

For example: ::

  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('item', description='The item to purchase.', choices=[
    diskord.OptionChoice(name='Cookie', value='cookie'),
    diskord.OptionChoice(name='Candy', value='candy'),
    diskord.OptionChoice(name='Cake', value='cake')
  ])
  @diskord.slash_option('quantity', description='The quantity of item.')
  async def buy(ctx, item: str, quantity: int = 1):
    await ctx.respond(f'You bought {quantity} {item}(s)!')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_option_choices.png

Here, ``name`` is the name of choice that would be shown in Discord and ``value`` is the value of choice that it holds. The ``value`` would be passed to command function.

Slash Subcommands and Command Groups
-------------------------------------

You can nest subcommands in a slash command or make a subcommand group in a slash command which has further subcommands!

The flow of creating these is pretty similar to ext.commands!

Example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  async def git(ctx):
    pass
  
  @git.sub_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('remote')
  @diskord.slash_option('branch')
  async def push(ctx, remote: str = 'origin', branch: str = 'master'):
    await ctx.respond(f'Pushed to {remote}/{branch}!')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_sub_command.png

Furthermore, you can also nest in subcommand groups that can hold subcommands.

Example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  async def todo(ctx):
    pass
  
  @todo.sub_command_group()
  async def list(ctx):
    pass
  
  @list.sub_command()
  async def add(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('Added a todo.')
  
  @list.sub_command()
  async def remove(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('removed a todo.')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_sub_command_group.png

Checks
------

.. note::
    Checks and converters are currently partially implemented for application commands 
    and are missing some functionality which is currently under development.

You can use checks that are ran before command invocation and if they return False, Command invocation is aborted. This is a useful way of restricting commands to users with specific permissions, Restricting commands to DMs only etc.

The checks for application commands are directly derived from :ref:`ext_commands`, Please refer to the manual of ext.commands for more info.

Example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  @commands.has_permissions(manage_messages=True)
  @diskord.slash_option('message', description='The message to echo!')
  async def echo(ctx, message: str):
    await ctx.respond('\'+message)

Above command will only be ran if the user has "MANAGE MESSAGES" permissions in the guild.

Custom Checks
++++++++++++++

You can also create custom checks!

Example: ::
  
  def is_me():
    def predicate(ctx):
      return ctx.author.id == 1234 # put your ID here.
    
    return commands.check(predicate)

  @bot.slash_command()
  @is_me()
  async def secret_command(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('This is secret command!')

Handling Check Errors
+++++++++++++++++++++

Unlike normal commands, The errors of application commands are passed to :func:`on_application_command_error`

Example: ::

  @bot.event
  async def on_application_command_error(ctx, error):
    if isinstance(error, commands.MissingPermissions):
      await ctx.respond('Cannot run the command before you do not have required permissions.')
    else:
      raise error

.. note::
     Text commands and application commands are different in design so there is no
     way to use same error handler for both systems.

Converters
----------

.. note::
    Checks and converters are currently partially implemented for application commands 
    and are missing some functionality which is currently under development.

You can use converters with options of slash commands to run some custom conversion on option value and then pass it to the function.

The converters for application commands are directly derived from :ref:`ext_commands`, Please refer to the manual of :class:`ext.commands.Converter` for more info.

This can be helpful in certain use-cases.

Example: ::
  
  class BooleanConverter(commands.Converter):
    async def convert(self, ctx, argument):
      argument = argument.lower()
      if argument in ('yes', '1', 'true', 'enable', 'on'):
        return True
      if argument in ('no', '0', 'false', 'disable', 'off'):
        return False
      else:
        raise ValueError(f'Unknown value "{argument}" was passed.')

  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('mode', converter=BooleanConverter):
  async def toggle(ctx, mode):
    await ctx.respond(f'The value is set to: {mode}')

  @bot.event
  async def on_application_command_error(ctx, error):
    if isinstance(error, diskord.ApplicationCommandConversionError):
      await ctx.respond(str(error.original))

This was it for this quick overview, There's a lot more that you can find in the documentation!

Commit message:

Improve application_commands and add typing.Union note

docs/application_commands.rst, after:

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _application_commands:

Application Commands
====================

Till now, The traditional way of using bots was text commands where bots would listen to messages and if it starts with certain prefix then they will parse the commands and arguments and generate the desired output.

With addition of interactions based application commands, This has significantly changed. Application commands
aim to provide user-friendly interface to interact with the bot.

Getting Started
---------------

Diskord provides an easy to use and Pythonic interface to register and work with application commands.

Unlike text commands, Application commands are compatible in both :class:`ext.commands.Bot` and :class:`Client` as they are part of Discord API.

To use application commands, You must add your bot to the server with ``application.commands`` scope.

It's simple, You just have to generate an OAuth URL with ``bot`` and ``application.commands`` scope and invite the bot.  

.. image:: /images/application_commands_scope.png

Creating Basic Slash Command
----------------------------

Let's have a quick example of an application command.

Example: ::
  
  import diskord
  from diskord.ext import commands

  bot = commands.Bot(command_prefix='$', application_commands_guild_ids=[guild_id])
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  async def hello(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('Hello from slash command!')
  
  bot.run('token')

Replace ``guild_id`` with the ID of server you are creating command in.  

.. note::
  We added a guild ID here because global application commands take up to 2 hours to be registered in
  Discord. For testing purposes, you can pass in ``application_commands_guild_ids`` parameter with the
  list of IDs of guilds that you want to register command in. Guilds commands registration is instant.

  You can remove this parameter once you want to register global commands. 

Now we have created a basic slash command:

.. image:: /images/slash_command.png
.. image:: /images/slash_command_result.png

It can be used by typing ``/`` in chat and selecting ``hello`` from commands
selection menu.

User Commands
-------------

User commands can be invoked by right-clicking on a user in Discord in a server and selecting the command from "Apps" menu!

Example: ::
  
  @bot.user_command()
  async def slap(ctx, user):
    await ctx.respond(f'{ctx.author.name} slapped {user.name}')
  
.. image:: /images/user_command.png

Message Commands
----------------

Message commands can be invoked by right-clicking on a message in Discord in a server and selecting the command from "Apps" menu!

Example: ::
  
  @bot.message_command()
  async def say(ctx, message):
    await ctx.respond(f'{ctx.author.name} said: {message.content}')
  
.. image:: /images/message_command.png

Now it's time to go a little deep in application commands. Specifically, Slash commands.

Arguments Handling
------------------

Just like the traditional commands system, Slash commands also support arguments handling and Diskord provides a pythonic way of handling slash command options.

Slash commands options are registered using `.slash_option` decorator.

Example: ::
    
  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('member', description='The member to highfive.')
  async def highfive(ctx, member: diskord.Member):
    await ctx.respond(f'{ctx.author.name} highfived {member.name}!')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_option.png
.. image:: /images/slash_command_option_member.png

Option Types & Requirement setting
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Options support a wide range of types like users, channels, roles, integers, booleans etc. Options can also be marked required or optional. Here's how

Types of options are determined by the annotation of the argument that represents them in
command function.

Options can be set optional by setting a default value to them!

For example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('item', description='The item to purchase.')
  @diskord.slash_option('quantity', description='The quantity of item.')
  async def buy(ctx, item: str, quantity: int = 1):
    await ctx.respond(f'You bought {quantity} {item}!')

In above example, the ``quantity`` option is set as an integer and only integer can be passed to it and it is optional because we set the default value to ``1``, Not providing this option would default it's value to ``1``.

.. image:: /images/slash_command_option_typing.png

Available types are as follows, You can annotate your options with these types to get different results:


* :class:`str`: String
* :class:`int`: Integer
* :class:`float`: Number
* :class:`bool`: Boolean i.e True or False
* :class:`diskord.User` or :class:`diskord.Member`: A discord user.
* :class:`diskord.abc.GuildChannel`: Any type of guild channel.
* :class:`diskord.TextChannel`: A text channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.VoiceChannel`: A voice channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.CategoryChannel`: A channels category in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.StoreChannel`: A store channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.StageChannel`: A stage voice channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.Thread`: A thread within a text channel in a guild.
* :class:`diskord.Role`: A role in a guild.
* typing.Union[:class:`diskord.Role`, :class:`diskord.User`]: Any mentionable i.e role or user.

.. note:: 
  typing.Union can be used on channel types to filter channel types. For example: 
  ``Union[diskord.VoiceChannel, diskord.TextChannel]`` would only show voice channels and text channels.

Option Choices
++++++++++++++

Certain choices can be added to an option for user to choose from:

For example: ::

  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('item', description='The item to purchase.', choices=[
    diskord.OptionChoice(name='Cookie', value='cookie'),
    diskord.OptionChoice(name='Candy', value='candy'),
    diskord.OptionChoice(name='Cake', value='cake')
  ])
  @diskord.slash_option('quantity', description='The quantity of item.')
  async def buy(ctx, item: str, quantity: int = 1):
    await ctx.respond(f'You bought {quantity} {item}(s)!')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_option_choices.png

Here, ``name`` is the name of choice that would be shown in Discord and ``value`` is the value of choice that it holds. The ``value`` would be passed to command function.

Slash Subcommands and Command Groups
-------------------------------------

You can nest subcommands in a slash command or make a subcommand group in a slash command which has further subcommands!

The flow of creating these is pretty similar to ext.commands!

Example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  async def git(ctx):
    pass
  
  @git.sub_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('remote')
  @diskord.slash_option('branch')
  async def push(ctx, remote: str = 'origin', branch: str = 'master'):
    await ctx.respond(f'Pushed to {remote}/{branch}!')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_sub_command.png

Furthermore, you can also nest in subcommand groups that can hold subcommands.

Example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  async def todo(ctx):
    pass
  
  @todo.sub_command_group(name='list')
  async def list_(ctx):
    pass
  
  @list_.sub_command()
  async def add(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('Added a todo.')
  
  @list_.sub_command()
  async def remove(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('removed a todo.')

.. image:: /images/slash_command_sub_command_group.png

Checks
------

.. note::
    Checks and converters are currently partially implemented for application commands 
    and are missing some functionality which is currently under development.

You can use checks that are ran before command invocation and if they return False, Command invocation is aborted. This is a useful way of restricting commands to users with specific permissions, Restricting commands to DMs only etc.

The checks for application commands are directly derived from :ref:`ext_commands`, Please refer to the manual of ext.commands for more info.

Example: ::
  
  @bot.slash_command()
  @commands.has_permissions(manage_messages=True)
  @diskord.slash_option('message', description='The message to echo!')
  async def echo(ctx, message: str):
    await ctx.respond('\'+message)

Above command will only be ran if the user has "MANAGE MESSAGES" permissions in the guild.

Custom Checks
++++++++++++++

You can also create custom checks!

Example: ::
  
  def is_me():
    def predicate(ctx):
      return ctx.author.id == 1234 # put your ID here.
    
    return commands.check(predicate)

  @bot.slash_command()
  @is_me()
  async def secret_command(ctx):
    await ctx.respond('This is secret command!')

Handling Check Errors
+++++++++++++++++++++

Unlike normal commands, The errors of application commands are passed to :func:`on_application_command_error`

Example: ::

  @bot.event
  async def on_application_command_error(ctx, error):
    if isinstance(error, commands.MissingPermissions):
      await ctx.respond('Cannot run the command before you do not have required permissions.')
    else:
      raise error

.. note::
     Text commands and application commands are different in design so there is no
     way to use same error handler for both systems.

Converters
----------

.. note::
    Checks and converters are currently partially implemented for application commands 
    and are missing some functionality which is currently under development.

You can use converters with options of slash commands to run some custom conversion on option value and then pass it to the function.

The converters for application commands are directly derived from :ref:`ext_commands`, Please refer to the manual of :class:`ext.commands.Converter` for more info.

This can be helpful in certain use-cases.

Example: ::
  
  class BooleanConverter(commands.Converter):
    async def convert(self, ctx, argument):
      argument = argument.lower()
      if argument in ('yes', '1', 'true', 'enable', 'on'):
        return True
      if argument in ('no', '0', 'false', 'disable', 'off'):
        return False
      else:
        raise ValueError(f'Unknown value "{argument}" was passed.')

  @bot.slash_command()
  @diskord.slash_option('mode'):
  async def toggle(ctx, mode: BooleanConverter):
    await ctx.respond(f'The value is set to: {mode}')

  @bot.event
  async def on_application_command_error(ctx, error):
    if isinstance(error, diskord.ApplicationCommandConversionError):
      await ctx.respond(str(error.original))

This was it for this quick overview, There's a lot more that you can find in the documentation!
